
=head1 THIS FILE GIVES INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS AND OTHER MISCELLANEOUS DETAILS ABOUT THE 
PROJECT NAMED SPEEDY, PARALLEL TEXT SEARCH USING MPI 
                                ( Ver 1.00) (https://sourceforge.net/projects/sptsumpi)

=over 5

=item Course : CS8621

=item Date   : 12/22/2005

=back


=head1 B) PROJECT DEVELOPMENT TEAM DETAILS

=head3 Team Name    : Cerro

=head3 Team Members : Vikram Malik, Ajit Marathe, John Moe, Vinayak Patil

=head2 RUNNING THE PROGRAM :

This program is meant to run on an IBM SP supercomputer. You need to have an
account on the SP or a similar computer to run this program. This program was tested 
and run on the Minnesota Supercomputing Institute (MSI) IBM SP ( www.msi.umn.edu/sp )


To run the program, you must be logged into the SP system. You will need the following file:

    CERRO-1.01.tar.gz


In order to extract the files from this compressed folder, type in at the command prompt:

   gunzip < CERRO-1.01.tar.gz | tar xvf - 


All the files will be extracted to a folder named CERRO-1.01. Once the files have been extracted, change 
to the directory CERRO-1.01 using the command :

  cd CERRO-1.01

 
Next, run the file named runit.sh using the following command :

   ./runit.sh [proc_count] [subset]

   runit.sh takes the following optional command line parameters:-
   proc_count      - number of processors to run the program on (optional parameter)
   subset          - the percentage of the corpus to use for a run (optional parameter)

Here runit.sh is a shell script that submits the MPI program to the IBM SP Load Leveller for execution.
The program makes use of the corpus path specified in runit.sh. This path can be changed to make the
program use your copy of the corpus.

To check the status of your program on the IBM SP, you can run the command :
  
  llq -u <username>


=head1 INTERPRETING THE RESULTS :

Once the program finishes executing, the documents which contained the search words 
will be written to files placed in the directory called results as specified in the runit.sh 
file. This output folder name and its location can be changed in the runit.sh file. This
directory will be placed in the same directory  as the code. One file will be created per query.
These files will be named according to the order of the queries in the input file. For example, 
the resulting documents of the first query will be written to the file named results.0, the 
resulting document of the second query will be written to the file named results.1 and so on. 


=head1 ASSUMPTIONS IN QUERY EXECUTION :

 1. AND and OR have equal precedence and performs a left to right evaluation in the absence of parentheses.

 2. Parentheses are not embedded.

 3. Queries are validly formed.

 4. Indexing and searching are case insensitive.

 5. Only alphanumeric strings will be searched.

 6. The  search takes into account only apostrophes in the input query and treats all
    other punctuation as spaces.
      
 7. The seraph does not return a document if the query word is only a part of a word in  
    any of the documents. 
 
 5. All special characters except apostrophes are ignored and treated as spaces. 


=head1 QUERY FORMULATION :

 1. The input file named INPUT contains one query per line and the query is assumed to be correct.
 
 2. You can specify either a single word or phrase or multiple words and/or phrases per query line.   
 
 3. If two words on one query line are separated by only a space, it will be treated as an AND operation.

 4. You can specify an AND or an OR operation in the following manner :
   
      AND :   word1 AND word2
              
      OR  :   word1 OR word2

 5. You can specify a search for a phrase by enclosing it in double quotes.

 6. You can specify any combinations of AND and OR operations or phrases:

      eg:  ( word1 AND word2 ) OR (word3 AND "phrase" )

 
=head1 SAMPLE QUERIES :

 1. Pele OR Tyson

 2. election AND ( Bush OR Kerry )

 3. Duluth OR ("The University of Wisconsin" AND Shavlik ) 


